samples: Bluetooth: df: Forward GPIO pins from app to network core (#8123)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added possibility of toggling between show and hide UI indication in the Fast Pair not discoverable advertising.

* :ref:`bluetooth_direction_finding_central` sample:

>   * Added nRF5340 application core DTS to configure GPIOs forwarding to allow Radio peripheral Direction Finding Extension for antenna switching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added devicetree overlay file for the nRF5340 application core that configures GPIO pin forwarding.
    This enables the radio peripheral's Direction Finding Extension for antenna switching.
```
Global edit.
